Read Homebrew remote URLs from environment variables and prompt for non-default values (#534)
Homebrew/install: README.md

If running Linux or WSL, [there are some pre-requisite packages to install](https://docs.brew.sh/Homebrew-on-Linux#requirements).

> You can set `HOMEBREW_BREW_GIT_REMOTE` and/or `HOMEBREW_CORE_GIT_REMOTE` in your shell environment to use custom Git mirrors to speed up brew update and brew tap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set `HOMEBREW_BREW_GIT_REMOTE` and/or `HOMEBREW_CORE_GIT_REMOTE` in your shell environment to use geolocalised Git mirrors to speed up Homebrew's installation with this script and, after installation, `brew update`.
```

```bash

> export HOMEBREW_BREW_GIT_REMOTE="..."  # put your mirror URL of Homebrew/brew Git remote here
> export HOMEBREW_CORE_GIT_REMOTE="..."  # put your mirror URL of Homebrew/core Git remote here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export HOMEBREW_BREW_GIT_REMOTE="..."  # put your Git mirror of Homebrew/brew here
export HOMEBREW_CORE_GIT_REMOTE="..."  # put your Git mirror of Homebrew/homebrew-core here
```

/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install.sh)"
```

> 
> | Variable                 | Default                                                                                                |
> | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
> | HOMEBREW_BREW_GIT_REMOTE | macOS / Linux: https://github.com/Homebrew/brew                                                        |
> | HOMEBREW_CORE_GIT_REMOTE | macOS: https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core<br/>Linux: https://github.com/Homebrew/linuxbrew-core |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this bit can be skipped.
